Introduction: contributions and paper structure (#59)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/introduction/structure.tex

The paper is organized as follows:
In \autoref{sec:related-works}, articles related to topic modeling and random walk are investigated.
\autoref{sec:dataset} describes the dataset used in the experiments.

> In \autoref{sec:method}, the steps of our method are shown, and \autoref{sec:prepro}, \autoref{sec:language_model}, \autoref{sec:lda}, \autoref{sec:search_query}, and \autoref{sec:pagerank} describe these steps further.

Author: ```suggestion
In \autoref{sec:method}, the steps of our method are shown, and \autoref{sec:prepro}, \autoref{sec:lm}, \autoref{sec:lda}, \autoref{sec:query}, and \autoref{sec:pagerank} describe these steps further.
```
